doc: commit header convention for documentation changes (#263059)
NixOS/nixpkgs: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If you have commits `pkg-name: oh, forgot to insert whitespace`: squash commits in this case. Use `git rebase -i`.

- For consistency, there should not be a period at the end of the commit message's summary line (the first line of the commit message).

- When adding yourself as maintainer in the same pull request, make a separate
  commit with the message `maintainers: add <handle>`.
  Add the commit before those making changes to the package or module.
  See [Nixpkgs Maintainers](./maintainers/README.md) for details.

- Make sure you read about any commit conventions specific to the area you're touching. See:

>   - [Commit conventions](./pkgs/README.md#commit-conventions) for Nixpkgs.
>   - [Commit conventions](./lib/README.md#commit-conventions) for Nixpkgs libs.
>   - [Commit conventions](./nixos/README.md#commit-conventions) for NixOS.
>   - [Commit conventions](./doc/README.md#commit-conventions) for Nixpkgs docs.

Reviewer: Let's mainly use directory names when possible.

```suggestion
  - [Commit conventions](./pkgs/README.md#commit-conventions) for changes to `pkgs`.
  - [Commit conventions](./lib/README.md#commit-conventions) for changes to `lib`.
  - [Commit conventions](./nixos/README.md#commit-conventions) for changes to `nixos`.
  - [Commit conventions](./doc/README.md#commit-conventions) for changes to `doc`, the Nixpkgs manual.
```
